README.md, before:

`circleCI` [![CircleCI](https://circleci.com/gh/mapbox/mason-js.svg?style=svg)](https://circleci.com/gh/mapbox/mason-js)

[![codecov](https://codecov.io/gh/mapbox/mason-js/branch/master/graph/badge.svg)](https://codecov.io/gh/mapbox/mason-js)

# mason-js: a javascript client for mason 

## Why mason-js? 

Mason-js is a JS client for [Mason, the C++ package manager.](https://github.com/mapbox/mason) 

This project is: 

- The first standalone cross-platform client for Mason.
- Makes installing packages seamless for node c++ addons.
- Could also be used in stacks that have nodejs as a dep. 
- We are able to remove mason’s custom install scripts and house all of our logic in a JS client. [Diff of install script vs mason-js in node-cpp-skel.](https://github.com/mapbox/node-cpp-skel/compare/proposed-mason-js-port)

## How to use this? 

**Install all package dependencies** 

```mason-js install```  
- installs all packages from the `mason-versions.ini` file 

Example `mason-versions.ini`:

  
    [headers]
    protozero=1.6.1
    boost=1.65.1
    [compiled]
    jpeg_turbo=1.5.1
    libpng=1.6.28
    libtiff=4.0.7
    icu=57.1
    proj=4.9.3
    pixman=0.34.0
    cairo=1.14.8

**Symlink Installed Packages**

```mason-js link``` 
- symlinks packages 

**Install a Single Package**

```mason-js <package>=<version> --type=[header or compiled]```  
- installs a single package  

*Example*

`mason-js protozero=1.5.1 --type=header`

## What is V1? 
- Ability to `install`  all packages from a mason-versions.ini file 
- Ability to `link` all packages from a mason-versions.ini file 
- Ability to install a single package 
- Available on Mac, Linux, and Windows environments 
  - Tests via CircleCI & Apprevyor 

In short, mason-js: 

1. **Reads** a `mason-versions.ini` file in the [root](https://github.com/mapbox/node-cpp-skel/compare/proposed-mason-js-port#diff-8a4b16fa77ffdd0d617a663440578a2d) [directory](https://github.com/mapbox/node-cpp-skel/compare/proposed-mason-js-port#diff-8a4b16fa77ffdd0d617a663440578a2d) [of a project](https://github.com/mapbox/node-cpp-skel/compare/proposed-mason-js-port#diff-8a4b16fa77ffdd0d617a663440578a2d).
2. **Installs** header only and precompiled packages from the S3 bucket `mason-binaries` into a `mason-packages` folder 
3. **Creates symlinks** a `.link` directory to package executables  


**Remote** **Package Paths****:** 

- Header-only: `s3://mason-binaries/headers/{package}/{version}.tar.gz`

- Binaries: `s3://mason-binaries/{MASON_PLATFORM}-{MASON_PLATFORM_VERSION}/{package}/{version}.tar.gz`


Note: The value of `MASON_PLATFORM_VERSION` is determined per platform. 

**Local** **Package Paths**:


- Header-only: `./mason_packages/headers/{package}/{version}/<source files>`
  - e.g. `mason_packages/headers/vtzero/556fac5/include/vtzero/vector_tile.hpp`


- Binaries: `./mason_packages/{platform}-{arch}/{package}/{version}/<files>`
  - e.g. `mason_packages/osx-x86_64/gdal/2.2.1/bin/ogr2ogr`


- Linked folder: `./mason_packages/.link/<files>`
  - e.g. `mason_packages/.link/lib/libpng.a`


# Development 

**Install Local Dependencies** 

```npm install```

```npm link```

**Run Tests**

```npm test``` 

**Make commands**

The Make file has a series of commands that run a Docker container locally. By using these commands, you’re able to simulate staging/production environments locally.

Make sure to set your `NPMAccessToken` in your environment before running any `make` commands.


- `make bash` - opens a terminal shell session in your Docker image
- `make build` - build your Docker image locally
- `make run` - send a message to the queue. (this command runs make build first)
- `make test` - run tests

Commit message:

Note that this project is unmaintained and frozen

README.md, after:

❌ **UNMAINTAINED: this project is no longer maintained and no additional development is planned. Nor is any kind of deprecation planned. Rather this code is now frozen. If you are depending on this module in any of your applications, it is recommended you remove the dependency and/or find a replacement solution**


`circleCI` [![CircleCI](https://circleci.com/gh/mapbox/mason-js.svg?style=svg)](https://circleci.com/gh/mapbox/mason-js)

[![codecov](https://codecov.io/gh/mapbox/mason-js/branch/master/graph/badge.svg)](https://codecov.io/gh/mapbox/mason-js)

# mason-js: a javascript client for mason 

## Why mason-js? 

Mason-js is a JS client for [Mason, the C++ package manager.](https://github.com/mapbox/mason) 

This project is: 

- The first standalone cross-platform client for Mason.
- Makes installing packages seamless for node c++ addons.
- Could also be used in stacks that have nodejs as a dep. 
- We are able to remove mason’s custom install scripts and house all of our logic in a JS client. [Diff of install script vs mason-js in node-cpp-skel.](https://github.com/mapbox/node-cpp-skel/compare/proposed-mason-js-port)

## How to use this? 

**Install all package dependencies** 

```mason-js install```  
- installs all packages from the `mason-versions.ini` file 

Example `mason-versions.ini`:

  
    [headers]
    protozero=1.6.1
    boost=1.65.1
    [compiled]
    jpeg_turbo=1.5.1
    libpng=1.6.28
    libtiff=4.0.7
    icu=57.1
    proj=4.9.3
    pixman=0.34.0
    cairo=1.14.8

**Symlink Installed Packages**

```mason-js link``` 
- symlinks packages 

**Install a Single Package**

```mason-js <package>=<version> --type=[header or compiled]```  
- installs a single package  

*Example*

`mason-js protozero=1.5.1 --type=header`

## What is V1? 
- Ability to `install`  all packages from a mason-versions.ini file 
- Ability to `link` all packages from a mason-versions.ini file 
- Ability to install a single package 
- Available on Mac, Linux, and Windows environments 
  - Tests via CircleCI & Apprevyor 

In short, mason-js: 

1. **Reads** a `mason-versions.ini` file in the [root](https://github.com/mapbox/node-cpp-skel/compare/proposed-mason-js-port#diff-8a4b16fa77ffdd0d617a663440578a2d) [directory](https://github.com/mapbox/node-cpp-skel/compare/proposed-mason-js-port#diff-8a4b16fa77ffdd0d617a663440578a2d) [of a project](https://github.com/mapbox/node-cpp-skel/compare/proposed-mason-js-port#diff-8a4b16fa77ffdd0d617a663440578a2d).
2. **Installs** header only and precompiled packages from the S3 bucket `mason-binaries` into a `mason-packages` folder 
3. **Creates symlinks** a `.link` directory to package executables  


**Remote** **Package Paths****:** 

- Header-only: `s3://mason-binaries/headers/{package}/{version}.tar.gz`

- Binaries: `s3://mason-binaries/{MASON_PLATFORM}-{MASON_PLATFORM_VERSION}/{package}/{version}.tar.gz`


Note: The value of `MASON_PLATFORM_VERSION` is determined per platform. 

**Local** **Package Paths**:


- Header-only: `./mason_packages/headers/{package}/{version}/<source files>`
  - e.g. `mason_packages/headers/vtzero/556fac5/include/vtzero/vector_tile.hpp`


- Binaries: `./mason_packages/{platform}-{arch}/{package}/{version}/<files>`
  - e.g. `mason_packages/osx-x86_64/gdal/2.2.1/bin/ogr2ogr`


- Linked folder: `./mason_packages/.link/<files>`
  - e.g. `mason_packages/.link/lib/libpng.a`


# Development 

**Install Local Dependencies** 

```npm install```

```npm link```

**Run Tests**

```npm test``` 

**Make commands**

The Make file has a series of commands that run a Docker container locally. By using these commands, you’re able to simulate staging/production environments locally.

Make sure to set your `NPMAccessToken` in your environment before running any `make` commands.


- `make bash` - opens a terminal shell session in your Docker image
- `make build` - build your Docker image locally
- `make run` - send a message to the queue. (this command runs make build first)
- `make test` - run tests
